Nayaab Ahmed N  
Github • nayaabahmedn@gmail.com • LinkedIn   
 Phone • 8197718054  
  
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 
 Cyient Limited 
 Software Developer May 2024 –   present   
• Conduct integration testing using LDRA to ensure software components meet functional and 
safety requirements. 
• Perform Hardware-Software Integration (HSI) testing utilizing Eclipse RT and RT Tester to validate 
system behavior in real-time environments. 
• Responsible for authoring and maintaining test documentation based on requirements traced 
through IBM DOORS. 
• Ensure software is developed in alignment with defined functional and technical requirements. 
• Perform thorough requirement-to-code traceability analysis to verify that each implemented 
feature meets the specified customer needs. 
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure consistency, compliance, and high standards in 
code quality and testing processes.  
Aeronautical Development Agency    
Software Developer Dec 2022 – Feb 2024  
● Actively involved in the development and maintenance of mission critical software solutions for 
embedded systems.  
● Utilized pragma calls to establish seamless communication and integration between Ada and 
VxWorks, ensuring optimal performance and reliability.  
● Employed Git for robust source control management, overseeing versioning and collaborative 
development for both application and VxWorks projects, this increased our productivity by 50%.  
● Actively engaged in DevOps practices, focusing on automated builds and delivery pipelines to 
target environments, resulting in streamlined development processes and increased efficiency.  
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to analyze system requirements, troubleshoot issues, 
and optimize software performance.  
● Conducted thorough unit testing and debugging activities, ensuring the reliability and stability of 
mission computer application.  
● Used Python to help develop Descriptive change notice generation by directly using git diff file, 
this helped our team to keep a clean documentation setup hence increasing our productivity by 
200%.  
● Successfully made a basic interface to monitor Mission computer health status like temperature, 
uptime ... etc.  using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and NodeJS using APIs provided by Mission 
computer.  
Amazon Development Centre (India) Pvt. Ltd    
PROCESS ASSOCIATE (SEMI-TECH) Dec 2019 – June 2021  
● Provide proper product pricing to US customers using in-house tools.  
● Analyze the price changes and suggest ways to keep pricing of products competent.  
● Create dashboards using Matplotlib with the given CSV data.  
● Submit new Ideas for the improvement of in-house tools.  
Protocol Automation Technologies Pvt. Ltd.    
SCADA DEVELOPER Dec 2018 – May 2019  
● Design efficient SCADA designs using Movicon.  
EDUCATION  
 
Sai Vidya Institute of Technology, Bengaluru  2014-2018  
  
Bachelor of Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering– 6.67 %  
Indiranagar Composite PU college, Bengaluru  
 PCMB – 88.87%  
 
  
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS  
 
● Programming Languages: C, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Node.  
● Technologies/Frameworks: Git, Node.js, Jenkins, TeamCity, Octopus Deploy, Sublime 
merge, Tortoise Git, RTOS.  
● Development Tools: Anaconda and VSCode  
● Testing Tools: HCL One Test Embedded studio, IBM RT-RT and LDRA.  
  
  
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
 
● Languages: English (Professional), Kannada, Hindi (Native)  
●   Interests: Badminton, Meditating.   
● Certification: Full stack developer from GUVI.  
  